# nasa_stars_classification
The purpose of this project is to build a predictive model that can classify stars, quasars, and galaxies based on their spectral characteristics

Why I chose this project?

I have always been intrigued by outer space and all that surrounds us in this universe. It is always a humbling experience no matter how many times I watch Carl Sagan reflecting on the appearance of “Pale Blue Dot” from 6 billion kilometers away. The universe is an endlessly fascinating and vast place, full of mysteries and wonders. The "Pale Blue Dot" image, taken by the Voyager 1 spacecraft, is a truly iconic and humbling reminder of our place in the cosmos. It's a reminder that, despite our differences and the vastness of space, we are all part of a single, interconnected system. It's a powerful reminder to appreciate and care for the planet we call home. 

Last year, when I saw the highest-resolution image of the universe captured by the James Webb Space Telescope it blew me away, and appreciate everything there is yet to be learned about this universe. This level of resolution allows astronomers to study the structure and evolution of galaxies in unprecedented detail. The image could contribute significantly to our understanding of the universe and reveal many previously unknown objects and phenomena. It remains one of the most detailed and comprehensive images of the universe ever captured. Seeing the birth and death of millions of stars makes me feel more connected and makes me want to dwell and feel the presence of every star surrounding us. I often stare at the night sky for as long as I can as it always helps make all that I overthink and worry about feel so trivial.  I feel that it is very calming and therapeutic to spend time looking at the sky and contemplating the vastness of the universe. It seems to put my problems and worries into perspective and helps me feel more grounded and at peace.
